hi I'm Jackie Nugent I'm a chef
dietitian and cookbook author and I'm
gonna do a little breakfast with you
today but it's not your traditional
breakfast it's something that we
normally serve as an appetizer and I've
kind of blown it out of proportion in a
good way and we're gonna do is savory
version and a sweet version so I hope
you really enjoy this I know I do and
what we're gonna do is start with an
avocado during your savory version first
and we want about 1/4 of an avocado so
we're just kind of cut around all the
way to the seed twist it up and now we
have a half of an avocado and we're just
going to go for the fourth of avocado
this way and you can just do some dices
right within this the peel itself
considered on your cutting board if you
are beginner at this we're gonna mash
this up just a little bit here so gonna
scoop this out of our of a cuttle peeled
and you can save the rest of that
avocado just rub a little bit of lemon
juice on that so it doesn't Brown and
then we're going to just squirt a little
bit of lemon juice in here about a half
teaspoon just to bring out all the
bright flavors okay and now we're just
going to mash this together a little bit
it doesn't have to be overly mashed it's
nice to have a little bit of a texture
but we want to be able to spread this a
little bit onto our toast so now that we
have our avocado kind of gently mashed
then we're going to spread that onto our
piece of toast here and spread around so
it's kind of like butter but better
because it has avocado so much better
for our heart here have a nice little
spread doesn't look gorgeous nice green
color and then we're going to make this
more breakfast worthy what we're going
to do is add a boiled egg to this so
just add those slices right on top and
then we're going to add a little pinch
of salt and pepper to this just to bring
out all the wonderful flavors and don't
be afraid to use a little bit of salt
keep in mind that your avocado and your
egg have no salt in it
it's okay to use a little pinch and then
just to finish that up we're going to
add a little bit of fresh chopped
tarragon and tarragon I think is one of
those underrated herbs but I love it
with eggs to finish up with the tarragon
and now we have our savory bruschetta
and onto the sweet bruschetta so for the
sweet bruschetta what I'm going to do is
start with dark chocolate peanut butter
how good does that sound huh you can use
just a regular nut butter but why not
add a little bit of chocolate fun to
this and we all know now that there are
some health benefits to chocolate just
not the gooey candy bar kind of
chocolate that's not what we're talking
about so spread this on to our toast
again we're using the whole-grain
sourdough bread and once we have that
oops there was a little hole in my toast
once we have that spread on then we're
going to add banana and banana just a
way to get your fruit serving in here
and add this on top any which way you
like be a little decorative with it to
have a little bit of fun and something
else that you can do with this what I'm
not going to do this today but you can
broil this and it's going to be extra
extra decadent but I know so many of you
like me have no time in the morning so
we're going to make this without
actually broiling it and it's just as
delicious served at room temperature
then to finish this up the finishing
touches and this gonna sound a little
strange for a sweet dish but we're going
to add just a tiny pinch of salt and
that's just to kind of balance all of
that sweetness from that banana and the
grand finale we're going to sprinkle a
little bit of cocoa on top and how we do
this is just a little mesh strainer and
then hold this steady and now what we're
going to do is just pack with our palm
of our hand and a little mesh strainer
and get this all nicely coated with
cocoa powder so it just really brings
out all of that chocolatey goodness and
now we have our sweet bruschetta
so we have our savory we have our sweet
and you can actually eat them both for a
delicious breakfast so enjoy and please
visit my website at Jackie Nugent comm